Unsweetened almond milk latte, no foam.
But that is your drink, right?
Yes.
- On me.
- Thanks.
Uh...
Look, we shouldn't--
like, we should just act
like we didn't, you know?
Oh, um, I think--
You know, just to keep it
professional.
'Cause I'm not trying to be
anything more than coworkers
with you,
and I don't want you to bring,
like, a bouquet of roses
next time.
Jack, my man.
Thank you.
- You got him a...
Uh, dude, how'd you know
I like six pumps of hazelnut?
It's, like, the perfect amount
of hazelnut.
You got coffee for everyone?
- Yeah.
- But you were saying?
- No.
- I think...
- Nope.
Something about roses,
wasn't it?
No. N-O.
Thanks for the coffee.
- You are welcome.
♪ Bom bom
bom-bom-bom-bom-bom ♪
♪ Buh buh bom-bom-bom
buh bom-bom-bom-bom ♪
Hi, yes.
Hold on one second.
Can you flip those any louder?
Has anyone seen our CFO?
Guy made such a stink
about being on time,
and now I bet
he's gonna be late.
God, I hate people like that.
- Um, I'm here.
- Oh. Well, hi. Hi, Jin.
Next time, say hello.
Don't be rude.
I did, and you said hello
back, like, five minutes ago.
Nobody likes a shamer.
Hey, so what's
the deal with today?
Some type of big
conference call?
Earnings call.
Yes, like in your former
line of work when the--
like, the main factory man is--
there's an inspection, and he--
Do you know what? I'm sorry.
I don't really know anything
about manual labor.
Every quarter, we report
our earnings to investors.
If they're good,
stock price goes up.
If they're bad,
stock price goes down.
Gotcha, gotcha, gotcha.
And, uh, this quarter is...
- Real bad.
Yeah, but we're gonna
make them sound good
so the stock
doesn't take too much of a hit.
It's kinda the art
of an earnings call.
- And that helps?
- Not really.
No.
Got excited about saying
"the art of an earnings call,"
but I've got nothing
to back it up with.
Sure, the numbers are weak,
but they're not that out
of line with our competitors.
I think if you just
project a positive,
confident tone, it'll--
Oh, I'm not worried.
I mean, I just started here.
I'm not responsible
for last quarter.
No, I'm not saying
that you'd be blamed.
I know. I mean, if anything,
the worse Payne looks now,
the better I look later,
you know what I mean?
It's like those
weight loss journey photos.
It's like if,
in the before picture,
maybe you stick your belly out
a little bit
and then, "Oh, I'm so big
and fat," you know?
And that way, even if
you don't lose a pound,
all of a sudden, hmm,
looks like you're so skinny.
Yeah. I mean, I can see how
that would make you look good.
Less so the rest of us.
But if it looks too bad,
it will kill our stock price,
so...
Well, I mean, my options
don't vest until 2025.
Until then, it's just
20 million monopoly dollars
I can't touch,
you know what I mean?
- 20 million.
- Yeah.
That is a lot
but makes sense
'cause you're the CEO.
Yeah, I think so.
Hey, do you know anything
about insider trading?
Well, I'm the general counsel
of a publicly traded company,
so I'd like to hope
I know a little.
Right, so if someone sold
shares before an earnings call
where they know
the numbers aren't strong...
Oh, that's insider training.
- Let me finish.
- Mm-hmm.
But that knowledge
isn't the reason they sold,
which they can prove because
they still have the notes
that they'd written
on a newspaper
from several months ago
saying they planned
on selling today...
Wait, they wrote the notes
several months ago
or they wrote the notes today
on a newspaper
from several months ago?
- How would you know?
- Huh, it's interesting.
Well, here's
a question for you.
Is the person investigating you
a third grader
dressed as a detective
for Halloween?
No, it's not.
Is it the FBI?
It would be them, yes.
Gosh, well, that's a, uh--
that's a real thinker.
Okay, look, I have this guy
in the Caymans.
Oh, excuse me. Sorry.
I have a policy
for my own protection
to exit any conversation
where someone uses the phrase
"I have a guy in the Caymans,"
so good luck.
Remember,
when you get to prison,
pick the biggest guy
in the yard
and shank him
or whatever it is.
Okay, whatever, weirdo.
Anyway, if I call my guy
and I'm like,
"Hey, how's the weather
down there?"
that means that the stock
is going down
and he needs to sell.
But I didn't actually say it.
That sounds a little sketchy.
No, he's, like, super legit.
He uses burner phones.
He's literally untraceable.
Wesley, what do you do here?
Can you please
not pass out the pens?
See, because nobody uses them,
and then I gotta
clean it all up after.
I know you're new here--
Okay, just trying
to make myself useful.
If you ain't doing nothing
right now...
Yeah, I'm not. I'm not.
I'd love a chai latte,
please.
One chai latte.
Oh, are you making
another coffee run?
I would love a large cold brew.
- Okay.
Could I get two
ham and smoked gouda
sous vide egg bites
and one gooey
coconut dream bar?
Backup to the dream bar
is dipped madeleines.
Okay,
I'm connecting the call.
Just tell me when I'm on.
Mm-hmm.
- Mm-hmm, I'm on?
- Mm-hmm.
Hi, thanks for joining
the Payne Motors
quarterly earnings call.
We're so excited to talk to you
about some of the exciting
things we have coming up.
Maybe the most exciting is our
new CEO, Katherine Hastings.
Thank you, Sadie.
You know,
I'm not gonna sit here
and read some big
fake happy speech.
I'm gonna be honest with you.
The numbers last quarter
were rough.
They were no bueno.
Payne is feeling the pain,
as they say.
And look, mistakes were made.
Mea culpa.
Well, not mea culpa.
Actually, they-a culpa.
Anyway, before I turn it over
to our CFO,
who will review some of these
not-so-great numbers,
are there any questions?
We have a couple of hands
raised here in the chat.
Let's start off with
the analyst at Morgan Stanley.
Oh.
- You are now unmuted.
- Hello there.
Ms. Hastings, hi.
It's clear how you feel about
the state of the company,
but it's also your job as CEO
to bring in new ideas
on day one.
Could you tell us
some of those ideas?
Uh--uh, yeah, ideas. Sure.
Well, I mean, of course
I have lots of ideas.
I mean, I have full notebooks
and whiteboards and--
well, I don't have to tell you
where they're written.
But they're there.
But yeah,
could you give some examples?
Okay, we should only do
one question per person,
so you can cut him off.
I think they wanna hear
one of your ideas.
Yeah, thank you, Jin.
Well, you kind of stepped
on the surprise there.
Because yeah, I did have one
very big announcement
that I was saving to make
at the end of this call.
And I just didn't wanna,
you know, blow my load
right out of the top here.
I didn't mean, you know,
blow your load.
I didn't mean blow my load.
I wasn't talking--
is the expression
"blow my load,"
is that
about ejaculation always?
- Semen.
- Yes.
Because to me,
it's about skeet shooting.
It's just, I grew up--
I was a summer camp person,
and we would blow our load,
you know,
regularly for the batch.
But you know
what we're gonna do?
We're gonna Google that sucker,
and we will circle back.
And for the moment, I will
hand it over to you, Jin.
Thank you so much.
Hello, I'm Jintao Kang,
Payne's chief financial
officer.
I'll start by discussing
the Q1 balance sheet.
What do these people
expect from me?
When I first started at York,
no one was like,
"Hey, you've been here
for six weeks.
What diseases
are you gonna cure?"
Do you know how long it takes
to develop a drug?
Well, we're here now.
The clock is ticking.
And we falsely promised
a big announcement.
I mean, maybe we can just
walk this back somehow.
No, I'm not gonna make
an idiot of myself
on my first earnings call,
okay?
So what is exciting
that's coming down the pipeline
that we can announce?
We're going into production
on the Payne Pika.
It'll retail for $12,600,
making it the most--
Can it be $10,000?
No, we barely got it down
to $12,600, so--
Okay, but people like
a round number,
you know what I mean?
You go to the Dollar Store.
You don't go
to the $1.26 Store.
It's like, "26?" I mean, uh.
What if you told people
you're pregnant?
At your age,
it would be shocking.
Like, people would be
scared for you.
Cool.
Can we beat old pregnant lady?
The new auto workers contract
is all but finalized.
Which we can't announce
since it is not finalized.
Why can't we finalize it now?
Our negotiator
is hiking the Himalayas.
Oh, really?
In the middle of talks.
Must be nice.
- His father has cancer.
I think it was, like, a last
trip together sort of a thing.
Wow, it's always something,
isn't it?
People love pregnancy stuff.
Those posts get
so many likes on Insta.
Great. What are the sticking
points on the contract?
I think they're after
another four vacation days.
Okay, great.
Get the union guys down here,
offer them three, wrap it up.
We'll announce it on the call.
- Me?
- Yeah. You know what?
Take him with you
for credibility.
Yeah, you used to do labor.
Do you wanna do it, Jack?
- Definitely.
- Okay, great. Do it quickly.
And Sadie will keep the call
going until we're done.
After Jin's part,
there's not much for me to say.
But I'll say it slowly.
Please, hurry.
Hey, hey, hey, if you guys
get this deal done,
it'll probably boost
the stock price, right?
- Yeah. Why?
- Just curious.
Yo, what's up down there?
I mean...what's up?
Forget the down part.
Just, what's up?
What's up?
Remember the code?
When I say, "What's up?"
you buy the stock.
Damn it. Wrong number.
I found this phone.
I don't know whose it is.
I just called a random number.
With an EBIT margin,
also known
as an operating profit margin,
at 11.5%,
which concludes my report.
Thank you, Jin.
Now, do you think
you could recap those numbers
in a more conceptual way?
Why?
Just so we have it.
No, I think we're good.
In that case, I will recap
some of Jin's numbers.
Eep. Okay.
11.5% profit margin.
See, that, for everyone
out there, it's more than 10,
but it's not quite 12.
And percent
is out of a hundred.
Gentlemen,
thanks for coming over so fast.
Wanna get all this
wrapped up.
This is Jack,
who used to work--
Oh, I know Jack, just never
seen him cleaned up before.
How you doing, man?
- Good to see you, man.
- Yeah, you too.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Steve was my shop steward.
- Ah.
- Yeah, back when he
was on the line
with us regular folk.
Then one day, bam,
gets swooped up
to the ivory tower,
like a Disney movie.
Just call me Aladdin.
I was thinking more like
"The Little Mermaid."
I suppose that makes me
Sebastian?
Do you remember him?
He was the jolly crab.
I think he was a Jamaican.
The crab lived in the water.
You'd be more like one
of the prince's land friends.
- Sir Grimsby.
- Yeah, you'd be Sir Grimsby.
Right, well, okay.
Shall we get
this thing started?
And profit is what you make
minus what you spent
to make it.
I say that right?
- Mm-hmm.
Oh, and now
I'll turn you over
to our chief designer,
Cyrus Knight,
who would like to discuss with
you some of the developments
coming up in automotive
technology in the future.
Sure, yeah.
There's a few innovations
we might see
over the next five years.
Or even the next 20.
Well, I think we're
in agreement on the key issues.
So how about we throw in
an extra vacation day
and put this puppy to bed?
We're asking for four days.
I'm asking for a night
of unbridled passion
with, uh, Holly Willoughby,
but I don't think
that's gonna happen, do we?
She's very lovely.
Um, look, cards on the table,
I can go to two days.
We'll meet you in the middle,
three.
Ed, I would love
to give you three days.
But like I said, it's two days.
Take it or leave it.
- Can you give us a minute?
- Sure.
Discuss amongst yourselves.
Hey, didn't Katherine say
we can give them three days?
Yeah, so think how good we'll
look if they just take two.
It's like extra credit.
Okay.
Two days. Deal.
Fantastic.
Thank you, gentlemen.
Give us 15 minutes,
and we will draft something up
that you guys can take
a look at.
Great. Thank you.
Ariel.
Seriously, man, I'm glad
to see you doing so well.
It's nice to have
one of our own up there
looking out for us.
- They can go to three days.
- What?
Katherine wants to announce
the deal today
on an earnings call,
so she said
we can give you guys
up to three days.
Why are you telling me this?
Because, man, I just--
I remember what those extra
vacation days
meant to all
those guys down there.
Wow.
Thanks, Jack, that means a lot.
Got it.
So we have a lot of leverage?
Yeah, to get
the extra vacation day.
Hey, guys, guess what
my little mermaid just told me.
We got them over a barrel.
- No, that's--
I was just trying to get you
the extra vacation day.
Six extra vacation days,
dental HMO,
a gym voucher, longer breaks--
Sorry, I'm a bit confused.
I thought the sticking point
was vacation days.
How did all of this
get opened up again?
It's so confusing.
I don't know what's going on.
All right, I'm authorized
to offer you three days.
That is the absolute maximum,
so we can't go above that.
That's what you said
about two days.
Yes, yes. Thank you, Ed.
Well minuted,
but I was lying to you then.
For that, I am very sorry,
but I'm telling the truth now.
Absolute truth.
This is it.
So you have to believe me.
Please?
Nope? Okay.
So I'll be right back.
And by 2050, I expect we'll
have autonomous drone vehicles,
many of them flying,
powered by the sun and/or wind
and/or nuclear energy.
Hey, hey, hey. Come.
If you really examine
how we have--
Thank you so much, Cyrus.
That made me think.
Katherine here.
I am so pleased to finally--
I'm so sorry.
My CCO has just told me
that she has something
very important to communicate,
and so I'm gonna
leave it to her.
Yes, I just thought it was
important to acknowledge
the people we've lost this year
at Payne due to...death.
I thought it was just
a matter of vacation days.
This reads like
a terrorist's list of demands.
I was completely blindsided,
I'm sorry.
It's not your fault.
You know who really
screwed us over?
That labor negotiator.
"My daddy has cancer"?
Oh, come on.
Really?
We're supposed to believe that
a terminally ill cancer patient
has the energy
to climb a mountain?
I think
it's the kind of cancer
where you stop taking chemo
and then you start feeling
pretty good.
And then you die.
Well, that's really sad.
Maybe we should send him one
of those fruit bouquet things.
- Mm-hmm.
- Mildred Burko.
Derek something,
can't remember his last name.
He was short
and had a lazy eye.
It wasn't lazy. One was
just smaller than the other.
Okay, well,
Derek whatever his name--
- Ptosis.
- Derek Ptosis.
No, that's the condition
where one eye
is smaller than the other.
Hey, that guy didn't die.
I think he got arrested
for some photos
he had in his computer.
Anyway, let's all take
a moment of silence
for those no longer with us.
Even Derek?
Can you just
put the call on mute?
I cannot do this anymore.
Hey, our stock price
is in a free fall.
Damn it.
I'm so bad at trading stock.
It should just be
more predictable,
but it goes up and down
all over the place.
It's just--it's not fair.
Well, if it makes you feel
any better,
Katherine's probably
getting hit worse than anyone.
Why?
How much stock does she have?
As of this morning,
her signing bonus
was worth $20 million.
She got $20 million
just to sign?
Are you kidding me?
It's not like she's Elon Musk.
You guys, you guys, I don't
think that we should be talking
about this in front of--
But you put the call on mute.
Mm-hmm.
So they can't hear us.
We can't hear them.
I'm sorry,
did you wanna put us on mute?
'Cause that's different
than putting the call on mute.
So everything we just said?
Thousands of people?
Anyway, so not sure if
any of you heard any of that.
Oh, they did.
We got a lot of questions
coming in.
Derek Gobetti.
That was his name.
That guy was hilarious.
I wish I could give you
everything on this list.
Believe me, I really do.
But coffers are empty, guys.
It's funny how you guys
are always flush
when you talk with Wall Street,
and then with us,
times are always tough.
I am not making this up.
I told our investors
the same thing this morning
on our earnings call.
- That's true, actually.
You can hear online.
Just not sure if this is the
livestream or the recording.
Katherine's $20 million
bonus isn't even that much,
given how profitable...
- Oh, God.
Payne has been
over the past year.
She could have asked for more.
Yeah, no, that's--
that was the livestream.
Whoops.
Hey, Jin.
Remember how,
several months ago,
we had that conversation
about how I plan to sell
a bunch of stocks
on the day
of our next earnings call
regardless of how
the company was doing?
I don't remember that at all.
Please remember, Jin, please.
Obviously,
I meant mute us.
They were already on mute.
You cannot mute someone
who's already on mute.
I mean, that is an oxymoron.
- You mean it's redundant.
- You know what?
You've been of no help
to me today, Jin.
Okay, if you're out here,
who's keeping the call going?
Wesley.
Can't get any worse.
Louis C.K. was literally
the greatest comedian
of our time.
And you all like to hate him,
but you know what?
You all used to love him.
We would go bankrupt
if we give them
everything on this list.
Okay, what about some sort
of sweetener,
like a Taco Tuesday
or Hot Dog Wednesdays?
I think they just want things
like dental.
Right, yeah, but they're not
gonna say no to hot dogs.
- People love hot dogs.
- Yeah.
I'm sorry,
I'll be right back.
- People love hot dogs.
- Yeah, they do, but--
What about Funny Hat Day?
Funny Hat Day.
I like that.
Hey, man.
I told you that stuff
about vacation days
as a friend,
not so you could screw us over.
I know,
and I'm sorry,
but it's my job
to look out for my guys,
even when that means
screwing over management.
Me? I'm not management.
- No?
- No, no.
I mean, I don't even think
I'm in the payroll system yet.
Technically, I think
I'm, like, an intern?
Look, Jack,
you're a nice guy.
But in the end,
you're gonna have to decide
whether you live on land
or in the water.
You can't be both.
What if you were
in a Woody Allen movie
and you worked really hard
to get there
and you did a nice job
and you didn't do the stuff
that Woody Allen did--
you didn't do that stuff--
would you want people to just
stop watching your movies?
I don't think so.
Okay,
so we're up to four extra days,
extra dollar per hour base pay,
more flexible maternity leave.
Yeah, Hot Dog Wednesdays.
Yes. Come on, guys.
This is
a really generous offer.
There's nothing left to give.
Sorry,
if that's all you've got,
then I think we're done here.
Good luck with the rest
of your call.
Yeah.
Good luck with elections
next month.
Really hope you all
keep your jobs.
What's that supposed to mean?
It's just that these
are pretty sweet jobs,
sitting around
while everybody on the line
works their asses off.
And if they found out
how you passed
on four extra vacation days,
better pay,
and Hot Dog Wednesdays...
You really might find yourself
back on the line
with the rest of them.
But, you know,
I'm still friends
with a lot of those guys.
I can check in with them,
see what they think.
Now, why would you do
something like that?
I don't know.
Guess I'm not
a mermaid anymore.
What--what is he
talking about?
Oh, God, it's just
this weird thing.
They're all obsessed with
"The Little Mermaid."
And you could put up
all the smoke and mirrors
that you want.
We all know Adnan did it.
Adnan is guilty.
And don't get me started
on "Tiger King."
Carole Baskin,
I'm coming for you.
You didn't have to do that
to that man.
What happened?
What happened is that
everything almost fell apart
until psycho killer here
stepped in
and just demolished them.
Seriously? Yes, Jackknife.
No, I really,
really did not do that much.
No, this guy has ice
in his veins.
I mean, no soul,
and I mean that
in the best possible way.
Yeah, he was a sniper.
I was kinda like the guy
who guards the door
behind the sniper
to protect him.
You know, sniper can't do
his job without that guy.
So it's kind of an important
part that people often forget.
- Hmm.
- So is that call still going?
Yeah,
let's announce this baby.
All right, huh.
What a day it's been, right?
Well, I wanna thank you all
for listening.
And before I go,
a little drumroll, please.
I am excited to announce
that we have finalized
a new labor contract.
So little cherry
on the sundae for you there.
Thank you all again, and we
will see you next quarter.
Oh, we just got a question
from an analyst at JP Morgan.
- Same guy as before?
- No, that was Morgan Stanley.
Lot of Morgans.
Ms. Hastings,
wasn't the labor contract
almost finalized
before you joined Payne?
That's not your big
announcement, is it?
Uh, no. No.
The big announcement, no.
It was more of just good news.
It was kind of an appetizer
to the main--
you know, to the main course
kind of a situation.
And so that main course is--
another drumroll,
a bigger drumroll here--
we are going into production
on the Payne Pika,
and it will be retailing
for--wait for it--$10,000.
- Um--
- Little early Christmas there.
All right, thank you
so very much to you all.
And God bless you, and also
God bless America as well.
Mm-mm.
We're clear.
Hey, Steve, Steve.
Hey.
Sorry about before.
It wasn't personal,
but it all worked out, right?
Sorry.
I don't mingle with management.
- Rough day?
- Not the best.
You?
- I've had better.
Buy you a smoothie? My treat.
Yeah, sure. Thanks.
This is just a smoothie,
though.
I don't want you getting
the wrong idea.
Got it. I won't.
Not putting out.
Nope, this is just
a friend/coworker smoothie.
That is it.
- You're very close
to getting no boba.
- They got boba?
- Yeah.
Things just got
very interesting.